1. In my program, to make sure that at most 'm' eagles are feeding at once,
   I used an Eating semaphore which value is set to allow at most m eagles
   before blocking until signaled after the refilling of the pots.

2. If no pots are open and or all are empty, then the eagle is blocked using
   the same Eating semaphore until the first eagle finds that the pots are
   empty uses the Waiting semaphore to allow only that single eagle to wake
   up the mother eagle.

3. If there is ever an empty pot that an eagle that is ready to eat can eat
   from, the semaphore controlling access to the food counter will always
   allow that eagle to pass without blocked as it's value is set when the
   mother eagle resets the food pots. The babies are never blocked if there
   is food ready to eat.

4. As stated above, the Eating semaphore only allows m eagles to eat before
   the pots must be reset by the mother eagle. Once the pots are reset, 
   exactly m eagles are NOT blocked and allowed to eat. The rest are 
   blocked until the mother resets the food.

5. This is tracked by the pot counter which makes sure that no two eagles
   can eat the food from the same pot. After the mother eagle resets the 
   food, the pot trackers are reset as well.

6. The program only allows a single eagle to wake up the mother through the
   use of the "Waiting" semaphore. The semaphores value is 1 which allows 
   only the first eagle to pass and wake the mother. All the rest are blocked
   until the food is reset and the semaphore is signaled using a conter to 
   keep track of how many eagles were blocked.

7. At the start of the program, the mother calls goto_sleep(), which causes 
   the mother eagle thread to be blocked on a semaphore with value of 0. When
   the mother is woken by the process above, the sleeping semaphore is signaled
   and the mother is unblock to perform the actions need until it is blocked by
   the sleep again.

8. As explained in answer 6, all but the first eagle are blocked while the 
   first eagle wakes the mother. Until the mother has performed all duties, 
   all eagles are blocked through the Waiting semaphore. The mother signals
   this semaphore "wait_count" amount of times to allow eagles to continue.

9. To make sure that the babies cannot eat before the mother refills the pots,
   a Waiting semaphore is used to block the babies until one of the eagles 
   wakes the mother, who in turn, once the food is reset, signals and unblocks
   the hungry babies which allows them to eat.

10. Each time a baby is blocked by the Waiting semaphore, wait_count is
    incremented and once the mother is done with all duties, signals the 
    Waiting semaphore that many times to unblock all eagles, then signals
    the semaphore blocking the eagle that woke her so that it can continue.

11. Once the feeding count has been reached, the mother signals the final "t"
    number of eagles to feed and the rest fall through the eating function due
    to the check before eating which makes sure that there is food and that it
    is not the last feeding. The babies which do not get to eat in the last
    round of feeding are returned to the main and joined. Once the last "t"
    eagles finish eating, all the treads return to main and the mother retires,
    ending the program.
 
